# Table of Contents
* [Mobile application](#mobile-application)
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Configuration](#configuration)
* [PC application](#pc-application)
  * [Installation](#installation-1)
  * [Configuration](#configuration-1)
  * [Running](#running)

## Mobile application
### Installation
Transfer the [client's APK](https://github.com/Desuuuu/OVRPhoneBridge-Android/releases) to your phone.

Browse your files to where you put the APK, click it and follow the instructions to install it.

### Configuration
In the application settings, enter your computer's IP address and enable whichever feature you want to use.

Make sure you enable the notification service and grant permissions when prompted.

## PC application
### Installation
You can either use the installer or just extract the GZIP archive for the PC application.

A key pair will be generated by the installer and you will be able to see the corresponding identifier after the installation succeeds. You will be asked to compare this identifier with the one shown on your phone the first time you connect.

When using the installer, the manifest will be automatically registered with OpenVR, meaning OVRPhoneBridge will start automatically when launching SteamVR.

In the case you use the archive, you can install the manifest using the `install_manifest.bat` script in the application folder and achieve the same result.

*If you do not wish for OVRPhoneBridge to start automatically, do not install the manifest (or uninstall it using `uninstall_manifest.bat`). You will need to start `OVRPhoneBridge.exe` manually when you want to use the application.*

### Configuration
Start SteamVR (and `OVRPhoneBridge.exe` if you did not install the manifest). The server will start automatically.

You should have a firewall prompt on your desktop, make sure you grant access.

### Running
Running the application is very simple:

* Start SteamVR (and `OVRPhoneBridge.exe` if you did not install the manifest)
* Start the application on your phone by pressing the toggle button on the main page

On your first connection, you will be asked to verify that the presented identifier matches the one of your PC. By doing so you ensure your connection is secure.

You can now use OVRPhoneBridge and access its features from the badge on your SteamVR dashboard.
